updating requirements (#3)
iqm-finland/qiskit-qir: CHANGELOG.md

# Version 0.6.0

> - First version forked from the PyQIR repository. Includes support for the RGate that is part of IQM's native gateset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First version forked from the `qiskit-qir` repository. Includes support for the RGate that is part of IQM's native gateset.
```
